hi this is yolanda vanveen from
vanveenbulbs.com and in this segment
we're gonna learn about flowers for a
hummingbird garden how to grow a
hummingbird garden and what kind of
flowers should we select for a
hummingbird garden the first thing to
consider when we're planting bulbs for a
hummingbird garden or planting any kind
of flowers is what is gonna attract a
hummingbird what types of flowers
attract hummingbirds I used to think it
was only red flowers but as I've watched
them over the years I've learned it's
not really the color of the flowers it's
the shape they love anything that is a
trumpet shape so any flower where they
can stick their beak into the flower to
grab the pollen and come back out they
seem to love it so whether it's yellow
or red or purple it doesn't matter they
love all the colors it's the shape so
pretty much anything that's trumpet
shaped they love so this is a crocosmia
George Davidson and they seem to love
all my crocosmias whether the oranges or
the red Lucifer they love all of them
they also love unusual plants this is a
galtonia from south africa and it's a in
the hyacinth family they say it's kind
of elongated hyacinth but it has little
bell flowers and I've noticed my
hummingbirds love it too it's almost
like a fuchsia hummingbirds love he's
just - they just come right into there
and they'll get the pollen out so this
is a great plant for hummingbirds and
there's a lot of other vines and plants
that you don't even think that the
hummingbirds will like that they love
this is my mandevilla or mandevilla or
mandeville there's so many different
ways that people pronounce it but the
hummingbirds just love it and again it's
a trumpet shape and it's red they
especially seem to like the reds the
best of all the colors but again they go
in and get the pollen out and it works
really well and it's a beautiful vine
plant that can be grown pretty much
anywhere and I just protect it in the
winter and they'll come back every year
even in cold climates and this is also a
beautiful plant it's called a peacock
orchid or acid antara or now officially
it's gladiolus me real light
so it's a beautiful plant that's very
fragrant smells kind of like kool-aid I
just love it and it's white with
burgundy stripes but my hummingbirds
love it too it's got a really nice
funnel they seem to like anything that's
a long funnel it's one of their favorite
plants agapanthus or Lily of the Nile
they come in whites and purples and
blues the honey birds love this plant
too they love to get their little beak
into the middle of them so again it's a
trumpet shape and they'll just hang out
in my agapanthus or Lily of the Nile for
hours they love it and when considering
what kind of flowers to grow for your
hummingbirds consider also what kind of
trees to grow for them because you can
have flowers alone but if there's no
trees or bushes for them to make their
nests there's nowhere for them to live
so plants like eucalyptus or maples or
vines or trees or shrubs of pretty much
any kind are great for hummingbirds so
never forget to give them a home too
so having a hummingbird garden is really
easy you can collect a lot of your
favorite plants and there's so many more
that you can decide from put them in
your garden and you'll find that the
hummingbirds will come to your garden
every year more and more and you can
enjoy their company for years to come